OP: update module relnotes (#490)
redis/docs: content/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redistimeseries/redistimeseries-1.12-release-notes.md

### What's new in 1.12

- [#1543](https://github.com/RedisTimeSeries/RedisTimeSeries/pull/1543) insertion-filter for close samples:

  - Two new [module configuration parameters](https://redis.io/docs/data-types/timeseries/configuration/) are introduced: `IGNORE_MAX_TIME_DIFF` and `IGNORE_MAX_VAL_DIFF`.
  - Two new similar per-key parameters are introduced: `ignoreMaxTimeDiff` and `ignoreMaxValDiff`.
  - `TS.ADD`, `TS.INCRBY`, and `TS.DECRBY` now have a new optional argument: `[IGNORE ignoreMaxTimeDiff ignoreMaxValDiff]`.
    When creating a new time series, these two values are used to set the per-key parameters and override the two module configuration parameters. These values are ignored when specified with an existing time series.
  - `[IGNORE ignoreMaxTimeDiff ignoreMaxValDiff]` is also supported by `TS.ALTER`.

>   - For each call to `TS.ADD`, if the following condition is met: (series is not a compaction), (the series' `DUPLICATE_POLICY` is `LAST`), (`timestamp` ≥ `max_timestamp`), (`timestamp` - `max_timestamp` ≤ `ignoreMaxTimeDiff`), and abs(`value` - `value_at_max_timestamp`) ≤ `ignoreMaxValDiff`)) then this sample is ignored (not added) to the time series. `max_timestamp` is the maximal timestamp in the time series.

Reviewer: There might be better ways to format this but it's quite dense and hard to read as it is.
```suggestion
  - For each call to `TS.ADD`, if the following conditions are met:
      - series is not a compaction
      - the series' `DUPLICATE_POLICY` is `LAST`
      - `timestamp` ≥ `max_timestamp`
      - `timestamp` - `max_timestamp` ≤ `ignoreMaxTimeDiff`
      - abs(`value` - `value_at_max_timestamp`) ≤ `ignoreMaxValDiff`))
    then this sample is ignored (not added) to the time series. `max_timestamp` is the maximal timestamp in the time series.
```
